PORT-10199 Added a list of unsupported resources (#1936)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/cloud-providers/aws/examples/mapping_extra_resources.md

> The AWS Integration is relying on AWS's Cloud Control API. That means:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS Integration relies on AWS's Cloud Control API. That means:
```

1. Is the type of resource I want to ingest listed [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloudcontrolapi/latest/userguide/supported-resources.html) and supported by the list method?
   - **If so**: Great! It's supported.
   - **If not**: Please contact us or contribute by [adding support](https://ocean.getport.io/develop-an-integration/) to [the integration](https://github.com/port-labs/ocean/tree/main/integrations/aws) yourself.

For the full list of supported resources, refer to [AWS Cloud Control API Supported Resources](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloudcontrolapi/latest/userguide/supported-resources.html).

## Resources supported by Cloud Control API but not supported in AWS Integration

The AWS Integration relies on AWS's Cloud Control API. While many resources are supported, some require additional inputs to be queried, which the integration currently does not support. 

> Below is a list of some that are unsupported due to this limitation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is a list of the resources that are unsupported due to this limitation.
```

### List of unsupported resources

<UnsupportedResources/>

### What can you do?

> - **Contact Us**: If you require support for any of these resources, please reach out to our team for assistance.
> - **Submit a Feature Request**: Contribute to our integration's improvement by [submitting a feature request](https://roadmap.getport.io/).
> - **Contribute Directly**: Developers are encouraged to [contribute](https://ocean.getport.io/develop-an-integration/) by adding support for these resources [here](https://github.com/port-labs/ocean/tree/main/integrations/aws).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Contact us**: If you require support for any of these resources, please reach out to our team for assistance.
- **Submit a feature request**: Contribute to our integration's improvement by [submitting a feature request](https://roadmap.getport.io/).
- **Contribute directly**: Developers are encouraged to [contribute](https://ocean.getport.io/develop-an-integration/) by adding support for these resources [here](https://github.com/port-labs/ocean/tree/main/integrations/aws).
```
